Who do you call a thief?
I'm talking about you
I already recognized it
This is our president, Kishigami
A custom-made engagement ring for your fiancee
Global only one year
You two must have stolen your fiancee's ring
Say
Why didn't Qianqian find out that this is the property of the male protagonist?
I always buy things from rich people
If you like it, you can customize it without checking it.
Hello? I don't understand what you're saying.
What custom ring is brocade?
I'm not selling this ring.
Wait, you think beautifully
Our group brocade will come later.
You two are just waiting to be caught
Qingqing, go away, I'll cover for you, stop
Who is bold
How dare you steal the ring I gave my fiancee?
The police are this sneaky woman
Please send it again last time, don't you remember?
That girl
Jing Shao's ring, right?
Hey
Nervous to catch you thief
You still think I'm ugly
Slow down and want to talk nonsense with him
Get revenge
Is nervous
So it's you?
Song
Qianqian